I tried my best to think of a Christmassy story that has happened in my
life and I couldn't think of anything spectacular or miraculous or even
very touching.  I did think of an alright story though.

When I was a young lad in the deacon's quorom of second ward, one particula 
responsibility I didn't always look forward to was collecting fast offering
Especially in the winter, I didn't really feel like going door to door
begging for money when it's cold outside.  One December fast Sunday I was
assigned to visit what I thought was a particularly large amount of homes
comprising most of Cedar avenue.

It took a while for my companion and I to trudge our way up the cold icy 
hill knocking on doors as we went up. For twelve year old me, 
it was an egregously onorous task.  It felt like a death march up a hill.
Finally we came to our last house at the dead end on the top of 
cedar.  

This house belonged to Sister Done, an elderly widow.  Sister Done
was legendary at chit chatting for long periods of time.  Our wise Bishop
Raneir made it a requirement to turn fast offering collection into a sort of
ministering visit.  Though her house was the last, our task was far from
over due to this particular requirement.

She was a sweet and nice woman, however it felt like she could talk
for eternity.  I couldn't tell you what she talked about that day but it 
took a long time.  Us being twelve, we lacked some assertiveness necessary
for ending the chat in a reasonable amount of time.

When she finished at last, releived and anxious to go, we headed towards her
front door. Just before we could leave, sister done asked us if we could
help her out with something.  She proceeded to start up another one sided 
conversation about her highly renouned and very anticipated nativity set she
puts on her lawn every year.  Apparantly it was kind of a big deal.
I had never heard of it before.  I was really scepticle that anyone ever 
sees it because she lived in a dead end that was sort of hidden by trees.

She took us to her attic to retrieve the famous nativity set.  Her attic 
was a shambles and extremely disorganized.  I groaned to myself as we 
scoured the chaos and disorder that was her attic.  In the end we located 
Mary, a wise man and maybe like a camel.  We apologized about not being able
to find at least the baby Jesus.  She didn't even seem to mind at all and
asked if we could set it up on her front lawn.  My companion Danny
Clark, and I looked at eachother and shrugged and were like okay, if you 
want.  We saw that the figures had lights and plugs on them.  We both gave 
shutters of discouragement at the thought of retieving extension 
cables from her messy attic.  Much to our suprise she mentioned that she
didn't even ever plug them in.

I really started to doubt that her nativity scene was as well known
as she thought it was.  It didn't light up, she lived at a dead end
and there wasn't even a baby Jesus.

We were eager to go home after spending what had to have been at least an 
hour with sister done.  Sister done handed Danny a $20 dollar bill.  It was
a disproportionate sum for the amount of work we did.  I was excited, great
we're gonna split this 50/50 and it will make all that time we wasted
worth it.  It wasn't until I was a TA at BYU that I made the 
exhorbitant rate of $10 dollars an hour.
Danny however looked at me stone faced and shocked.  He knew he had just 
commited priestcraft.  Danny wasn't very assertive but he gave his best
effort to decline the $20 bill he was handed.  "That's not necessary, we 
didn't help much."  "Nonsense, buy your mother something nice for Christmas"
He gave in and pocketed the cash.

That made me mad.  What about my mom? Danny was so selfish.  Anyway, we went
home after that. I forgot about it until the following Sunday.  Danny was
our quorom president and in quorom meeting, he pulled out the $20 bill.
"Sister done gave this to me during fast offerings, what should we do with
it guys?"  I thought to myself, "No Danny! if we split it this many ways
with the whole quorom, we'll only get a few dollars each."

We came to the decision that we would split it, but not with eachother.  We
put some toward the book of mormon fund, some toward temples, some for 
missionaries the perpetual education fund, humanitarian and disaster aid etc

It was clearly the right thing to do.  I look back on this experience and 
think about what I learned.  As I have gotten older, I totally relate to 
sister Done.  I talk in circuitious ramblings all the time if I have a 
patient enough audience. Also I learned that it's probably okay if your
nativity set doesn't have Jesus in it.  It matters if your heart has Jesus 
in it.

I am grateful to my Savior Jesus Christ for taking on my sins and suffering
and dying for me.  I'm grateful that His sacrifice allows me to repent and
have the opportunity to live with my loved one's forever.  It is so
inspiring to me that He would willingly come to earth in
such humble circumstances in order to fulfill his ministry and His Atonement
I love my Savior and I say these things in the name of Jesus Christ amen.
