On my mission in HongKong I gave my final talk
on Chinese Fathers day which is Aug 8, it's on 
Aug 8 because 88 is pronounced baba which sounds
like the Chinese word for Papa or dad.  Anyway,
The Mandarin branch I served in was filled with
mostly single mother's, so instead of giving my
final talk addressed mostly to the branch presidency,
I spoke about mother's instead.  This wasn't so
bad because Chinese father's day is mostly only
observed in Taiwan I think.

I'm not going to be a Heritic like that today
don't worry. But certain recent events in my
life should be shared eventhough they are not
strictly father related.  

My father is currently in Kiev doing something
related to scripture translation for the Church.
He is the smartest person that I know personally
and he's my hero.  My favorite joke is at the dinner
table when I say I'm full, then he says "you're not
a fool you're smart" then I reply no I'm done,
"You're not dumb you're smart"  I mean I'm finished
"You're not Finish, you're American"  The only
way to stop it is to say, "I have completed my meal"
  My father's father Granpda Wall
passed away last month.  He was a WWII veteran (not
a whole lot of them left).  He had a navy honor guard
at his burial.  In addition to serving his country,
He served his God on a Mission to the Southern States
in Texas mostly.  On his mission he once dished himself
up a plate of jalapeno peppers.  And the people were
like are you sure you want to eat all those?  Sure,
I've eaten stewed okra before.  Okay suit yourself.
He ate them all and pretended to enjoy it so he
didn't give them any satisfaction of watching him
suffer.  There are actually several stories of
grandpa eating something bad and pretending he
liked it.  He grew up during the depression so
he didn't have too much of a choice.
His example inspired me on my own mission.

On the way driving back from Grandpa's funeral in
California, I lost my phone.  I'm pretty sure I 
lost it at a Vegas gas station.  We later went to another
gas station in Nevada I think it was Primm because certain people decided not
to use the previous restroom.  When I returned from the
bathroom I was met with my sister crying hysterically in our car.
She was crying way more than she cried for Grandpa.
I glared at her.  I then realised I had lost my
phone.  I tried to search the car for it to no avail.
I was super irritated because nobody would help me
look for it, and my sister Alyssa was ingaging in some sort of drama.
I went back to the restroom to look for my phone, then I
came back empty handed.  The crying had died down.
I turned to my father and asked so what was that all about.
Then he said, "brace yourself". "Kevin shot himself",
"To Death?" I asked.  My father nodded

Aparantly he was battling his own demons and couldn't attend
the funeral in California for personal reasons.
And That was the last straw.
Kevin is my closest cousin.  He's only two months
older than me.  He lived in our house and we were
bunk mates before our missions while we both attended
BYU for about a year.  I didn't cry at Grandpa's funeral,
it was his time.  He could be with Grandma again.  I did cry
at Kevin's.

If you have thoughts of suicide please seek professional help.
I know that might be easier said than done because there might
be a stigma attached or a financial issue or you're skeptical or something.
We all love you too much to lose you please get help.

I've talked and grieved with my Father a lot lately
And discussed the meaning of life.  I came to the conclusion
that life is about making memories.  Memories in the form
of experience, memories in the form of relationships,
memories in the form of knowlege like the restored Gospel
of Jesus Christ. This is all you can take with you
what's in here. I'll see Kevin again, I'm certain.  The
tradjedy is that I won't be able to make any more memories
with him.

The greatest thing I could ever hope to be in this life
is a Father.  My cousin Kevin would have been a great
Father. You could tell the special love he had for children
by the way his nieces mourned for him.

Kevin's dad, my uncle Terry told me it was up to me to
carry on the Wall family name, Kevin being his only
son.  My Grandpa had a full head of hair till he was
91.  The Wall family legacy is a hard one for me to
carry on.  My older brother has three sons, so I don't
feel any pressure actually. I only really want daughters
anyway.

In closing, this life isn't about making money, its about
making memories.  Relationships are the best memories.
David O. McKay said:
No success can compensate for failure in the home.
Being a parent is the greatest thing you can do.
That's why God Himself chose to be one.  He's our
Heavenly Father. He gave His only begotten Son as
a sacrafice for our sins.  If we rely on on the
Atonement we can live with our families for
eternity.

I say this in the name of Jesus Christ Amen. 
